Add docs for top level job inputs (#8212)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/ops-jobs-graphs/jobs-graphs.mdx

    add_one.alias("second_addition")(add_one(return_one()))
```

### Providing Top Level Inputs to a Job

You can wire inputs from the top-level of a job to the constituent ops. Consider the following op and graph:

```python file=/concepts/ops_jobs_graphs/jobs.py startafter=start_top_level_input_graph endbefore=end_top_level_input_graph
from dagster import graph, op

@op
def op_with_input(x):
    return do_something(x)

@graph
def wires_input(x):
    op_with_input(x)
```

> I can turn the graph into a job by calling <PyObject object="GraphDefinition" method="to_job" />, and can provide a value to the input `x` using the `input_values` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turn the graph into a job by calling <PyObject object="GraphDefinition" method="to_job" /> and providing a value to the input `x` using the `input_values` argument:
```

Second person is okay in the docs, but let's refrain from first. I changed this to use an understood subject (`you`) and make it second person.

```python file=/concepts/ops_jobs_graphs/jobs.py startafter=start_top_level_input_job endbefore=end_top_level_input_job
the_job = wires_input.to_job(input_values={"x": 5})
```

> I can also provide input values using <PyObject object="JobDefinition" method="execute_in_process" /> or <PyObject object="GraphDefinition" method="execute_in_process" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide input values using <PyObject object="JobDefinition" method="execute_in_process" /> or <PyObject object="GraphDefinition" method="execute_in_process" />:
```

Same thing here, re: first vs second person.
